Create project management documentation (#10)
ConorMFinn/CO600-SeriousCyberSec: docs/admin/ProjectManagementDocumentation.md

# Project Management Documentation

> *A document to describe the overview of how we will manage the project*

Reviewer: Could be a little more concice
```suggestion
*A document to breifly describe how we will manage the project*
```

> We will:

Reviewer: Could these bullets be split under a few subheadings? Code Management, Work Distrebution, Management Techniques, etc.

> - use a Scrum/Sprint methodology

Reviewer: We should discuss what time frames we will be using for each sprint in our next meeting.

> - use a project board creat in Git

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
- use a project board created in GitHub
```
